README.md, before:

# ES6 Module Starter

Boilerplate for ES6 modules (*with support down to stage 0 features*), using Babel. Test framework is [AVA](https://github.com/sindresorhus/ava). Coverage via [NYC](https://github.com/bcoe/nyc). Linting via [ESLint](http://eslint.org/).

[![Build Status](https://semaphoreci.com/api/v1/projects/03a7edf4-865a-4df0-9244-3a6aa12f2cea/533329/badge.svg)](https://semaphoreci.com/dancouper/es6-module-starter)

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/DanCouper/es6-module-starter/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/DanCouper/es6-module-starter?branch=master)

## Notes/Todos

- This [natch] has breaking changes from the pre-v1.0.0 `es6-module-starter`: the test framework and coverage tool have been changed. The API is near-identical, but be aware of this.
- On OSx, I had permissions issues when trying to run AVA. Fixed by `sudo chown`ing the file AVA writes to in my user root `.config/` folder; not sure if this is just my setup or not, but be aware.
- ESLint has not been given many config options; this means it will throw up errors (for example, if Plato is run on the example code, 3 violations are shown, none of which are actually violations). **Add sensible defaults.**


## Prior Art

Originally based on a clone of https://github.com/vinniegarcia/es6-module-starter; I use [Semaphore](https://semaphoreci.com) for continuous integration (so no `.travis.yml`/similar).

## Usage

0. Install node and npm.
1. Clone this repo: `git clone https://github.com/DanCouper/es6-module-starter`.
2. Install dependencies: `npm i`.
3. Edit info in `package.json`.
4. Reinitialize git, commit, then `hub create && git push origin master`.
5. Add the repo to your Coveralls account.
6. Add the repo to your Semaphore account: you need to manually add the coveralls key to the settings for that repo.
7. Hack away!

## Modules used/included

- [**babel**](https://babeljs.io) - compiles ES6 source to ES5. The `babel-preset-latest` plugin is included, which gives ES2015/16/17 presets,
as well as `babel-cli`.
- [**babel-preset-env**](https://github.com/babel/babel-preset-env) - Autoprefixer
for Babel. Given a list of browsers to support, only transpiles code that needs
to be transpiled.
- [**ava**](https://github.com/sindresorhus/ava) for simple, effective testing with built in ES2015 support. The interface is very similar to [tape](https://github.com/substack/tape), but tests are run concurrently and in seperate Node processes. **Note that AVA does not transpile modules automatically, so you *must* `import 'babel-core/register'` at the top of your test files before `import`ing whatever it is you're testing.**
- [**eslint**](http://eslint.org/) (with *babel-eslint* to cover ES2015+ features) to analyze your code for stylistic issues.
- [**nyc**](https://github.com/bcoe/nyc) for code coverage. AVA spawns the test files, so [istanbul](https://gotwarlost.github.io/istanbul/) cannot be used directly: however, NYC runs Istanbul under-the-hood.
- [**plato**](https://github.com/es-analysis/plato) to analyze the complexity of your source code. Note that a fork of Plato with native support for ES2015 is present to avoid having to compile to a build folder before generating reports.

These are just defaults. Feel free to swap out eslint for jshint, or ava for mocha, or whatever you use for CI instead of coveralls.

## Layout

- `src/` - Your ES6 source code goes here.
- `tests/` - Your ES6 tests go here.
- `coverage/` - Code coverage reports are output here.
- `dist/` - Your generated ES5 source is output here. This directory is under gitignore.
- `.gitignore` - a sensible .gitignore file to prevent you from checking in generated source.
- `package.json` - Customize this to publish your own module.
- `README.md` - Delete all this and write your own.

## npm scripts

These scripts are the main way to interact with your module as you develop it.

| Command | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| `npm run ava` | Test your code. Note that simply running `ava` also works, this alias is present for consistency. |
| `npm run clean` | Remove the `coverage` and `dist` directories. |
| `npm run compile` | Run [babel](https://babeljs.io/) to compile source to ES5. Files compiled to `dist/` with source maps. |
| `npn run coverage` | Run NYC on your code to report coverage. Reports output in HTML to `coverage/`. |
| `npm run coveralls` | Run coveralls, using NYC's lcov report as input. |
| `npm run lint` | Runs [ESLint](http://eslint.org/) on your ES6 source and reports any style errors. |
| `npm run plato` | Run plato on your source, generating a complexity report in `coverage/`.
| `npm test` | Run AVA, NYC, and coveralls, then delete `coverage/`. |

Commit message:

finished v1 of the shell script, updated README

README.md, after:

# ES6 Module Starter

Boilerplate for ES6 modules (*with support down to stage 0 features*), using Babel. Test framework is [AVA](https://github.com/sindresorhus/ava). Coverage via [NYC](https://github.com/bcoe/nyc). Linting via [ESLint](http://eslint.org/).

[![Build Status](https://semaphoreci.com/api/v1/projects/03a7edf4-865a-4df0-9244-3a6aa12f2cea/533329/badge.svg)](https://semaphoreci.com/dancouper/es6-module-starter)

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/DanCouper/es6-module-starter/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/DanCouper/es6-module-starter?branch=master)

## Notes/Todos

- This [natch] has breaking changes from the pre-v1.0.0 `es6-module-starter`: the test framework and coverage tool have been changed. The API is near-identical, but be aware of this.
- On OSx, I had permissions issues when trying to run AVA. Fixed by `sudo chown`ing the file AVA writes to in my user root `.config/` folder; not sure if this is just my setup or not, but be aware.
- ESLint has not been given many config options; this means it will throw up errors (for example, if Plato is run on the example code, 3 violations are shown, none of which are actually violations). **Add sensible defaults.**


## Prior Art

Originally based on a clone of https://github.com/vinniegarcia/es6-module-starter; I use [Semaphore](https://semaphoreci.com) for continuous integration (so no `.travis.yml`/similar).

## Usage

0. Install node and npm.
1. Clone this repo: `git clone https://github.com/DanCouper/es6-module-starter`.
2. Install dependencies: `npm i`.
3. Edit info in `package.json`.*
4. Reinitialize git, commit, then `hub create && git push origin master`.
5. Add the repo to your Coveralls account.
6. Add the repo to your Semaphore account: you need to manually add the coveralls key to the settings for that repo.
7. Hack away!

## Reinitialising using the `reset_repo.sh` script

There is a (WIP) bash script to rename the repo, clean the package.json and change relevant fields, and reinitialise as a new git repo.

To run it, clone the repo as above, install the deps, then run

```
> chmod 755 reset_repo.sh
> ./reset_repo.sh
```

It will take you through the necessary steps.

## Modules used/included

- [**babel**](https://babeljs.io) - compiles ES6 source to ES5. The `babel-preset-latest` plugin is included, which gives ES2015/16/17 presets,
as well as `babel-cli`.
- [**babel-preset-env**](https://github.com/babel/babel-preset-env) - Autoprefixer
for Babel. Given a list of browsers to support, only transpiles code that needs
to be transpiled.
- [**ava**](https://github.com/sindresorhus/ava) for simple, effective testing with built in ES2015 support. The interface is very similar to [tape](https://github.com/substack/tape), but tests are run concurrently and in seperate Node processes. **Note that AVA does not transpile modules automatically, so you *must* `import 'babel-core/register'` at the top of your test files before `import`ing whatever it is you're testing.**
- [**eslint**](http://eslint.org/) (with *babel-eslint* to cover ES2015+ features) to analyze your code for stylistic issues.
- [**nyc**](https://github.com/bcoe/nyc) for code coverage. AVA spawns the test files, so [istanbul](https://gotwarlost.github.io/istanbul/) cannot be used directly: however, NYC runs Istanbul under-the-hood.
- [**plato**](https://github.com/es-analysis/plato) to analyze the complexity of your source code. Note that a fork of Plato with native support for ES2015 is present to avoid having to compile to a build folder before generating reports.

These are just defaults. Feel free to swap out eslint for jshint, or ava for mocha, or whatever you use for CI instead of coveralls.

## Layout

- `src/` - Your ES6 source code goes here.
- `tests/` - Your ES6 tests go here.
- `coverage/` - Code coverage reports are output here.
- `dist/` - Your generated ES5 source is output here. This directory is under gitignore.
- `.gitignore` - a sensible .gitignore file to prevent you from checking in generated source.
- `package.json` - Customize this to publish your own module.
- `README.md` - Delete all this and write your own.

## npm scripts

These scripts are the main way to interact with your module as you develop it.

| Command | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| `npm run ava` | Test your code. Note that simply running `ava` also works, this alias is present for consistency. |
| `npm run clean` | Remove the `coverage` and `dist` directories. |
| `npm run compile` | Run [babel](https://babeljs.io/) to compile source to ES5. Files compiled to `dist/` with source maps. |
| `npn run coverage` | Run NYC on your code to report coverage. Reports output in HTML to `coverage/`. |
| `npm run coveralls` | Run coveralls, using NYC's lcov report as input. |
| `npm run lint` | Runs [ESLint](http://eslint.org/) on your ES6 source and reports any style errors. |
| `npm run plato` | Run plato on your source, generating a complexity report in `coverage/`.
| `npm test` | Run AVA, NYC, and coveralls, then delete `coverage/`. |
